README.md, before:

# Lost in Translation

This package helps to find missing translation strings in your Laravel blade files.

## Installation

You can easily install this package using Composer, by running the following command:

```
composer require coding-socks/lost-in-translation
```

## Usage

You can list all missing translation for a specific location using the command below.

```
php artisan lost-in-translation:find {locale}
```

Example:

```
php artisan lost-in-translation:find nl
```

It is sometimes recommended to increase the verbosity using `-v` flag. In verbose mode the command will print warnings and errors to the standard output.

### Publish

Publish the configuration file only:

```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=lost-in-translation-config
```

Publish the Command class only:

```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=lost-in-translation-commands
```

## Defaults

The command considers `app.locale` as your applications default locale.

The command scans your `lang` directory for comparison with the default and target locale.

The command scans your `app`, and `resources/views` directory for translation retrieval.

The command detects the following in your blade and application files:

- `@lang('key')` Blade directives are compiled to `app('translator')->get('key')`
- `__('key')` any call to the `__` function
- `trans('key')` any call to the `trans` function
- `app('translator')->get('key')` any direct `get`method call on the `translator`
- `App::make('translator')->get('key')` any direct `get` method call on the `translator`
- `Lang::get('key')` any `get` static call on the `Lang` facade
- `<<<'blade'` inline components in nowdoc with `blade` label are compiled and their content is scanned.

## Help

```
Description:
  Find missing translation strings in your Laravel blade files

Usage:
  lost-in-translation:find [options] [--] <locale>

Arguments:
  locale                The locale to be checked

Options:
      --sorted          Sort the values before printing
      --no-progress     Do not show the progress bar
  -h, --help            Display help for the given command. When no command is given display help for the list command
  -q, --quiet           Do not output any message
  -V, --version         Display this application version
      --ansi|--no-ansi  Force (or disable --no-ansi) ANSI output
  -n, --no-interaction  Do not ask any interactive question
      --env[=ENV]       The environment the command should run under
  -v|vv|vvv, --verbose  Increase the verbosity of messages: 1 for normal output, 2 for more verbose output and 3 for debug
```

## Implementation

This implementation reads all your blade files, compiles them to PHP ([illuminate/view]), parses them as PHP ([nikic/php-parser]), and then finds the relevant nodes in the AST.

This, in my opinion, is a cleaner and less error-prone than using regular expressions.

[illuminate/view]: https://github.com/illuminate/view
[nikic/php-parser]: https://github.com/nikic/PHP-Parser

Commit message:

fix: detect trans_choice functions

README.md, after:

# Lost in Translation

This package helps to find missing translation strings in your Laravel blade files.

## Installation

You can easily install this package using Composer, by running the following command:

```
composer require coding-socks/lost-in-translation
```

## Usage

You can list all missing translation for a specific location using the command below.

```
php artisan lost-in-translation:find {locale}
```

Example:

```
php artisan lost-in-translation:find nl
```

It is sometimes recommended to increase the verbosity using `-v` flag. In verbose mode the command will print warnings and errors to the standard output.

### Publish

Publish the configuration file only:

```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=lost-in-translation-config
```

Publish the Command class only:

```
php artisan vendor:publish --tag=lost-in-translation-commands
```

## Defaults

The command considers `app.locale` as your applications default locale.

The command scans your `lang` directory for comparison with the default and target locale.

The command scans your `app`, and `resources/views` directory for translation retrieval.

The command detects the following in your blade and application files:

- `@lang('key')` Blade directives are compiled to `app('translator')->get('key')`
- `__('key')` any call to the `__` function
- `trans('key')` any call to the `trans` function
- `trans_choice('key', x)` any call to the `trans_choice` function
- `app('translator')->get('key')` any direct `get`method call on the `translator`
- `App::make('translator')->get('key')` any direct `get` method call on the `translator`
- `Lang::get('key')` any `get` static call on the `Lang` facade
- `<<<'blade'` inline components in nowdoc with `blade` label are compiled and their content is scanned.

## Help

```
Description:
  Find missing translation strings in your Laravel blade files

Usage:
  lost-in-translation:find [options] [--] <locale>

Arguments:
  locale                The locale to be checked

Options:
      --sorted          Sort the values before printing
      --no-progress     Do not show the progress bar
  -h, --help            Display help for the given command. When no command is given display help for the list command
  -q, --quiet           Do not output any message
  -V, --version         Display this application version
      --ansi|--no-ansi  Force (or disable --no-ansi) ANSI output
  -n, --no-interaction  Do not ask any interactive question
      --env[=ENV]       The environment the command should run under
  -v|vv|vvv, --verbose  Increase the verbosity of messages: 1 for normal output, 2 for more verbose output and 3 for debug
```

## Implementation

This implementation reads all your blade files, compiles them to PHP ([illuminate/view]), parses them as PHP ([nikic/php-parser]), and then finds the relevant nodes in the AST.

This, in my opinion, is a cleaner and less error-prone than using regular expressions.

[illuminate/view]: https://github.com/illuminate/view
[nikic/php-parser]: https://github.com/nikic/PHP-Parser
